README.md, before:

# Chatter Up
## A conversation starter generator for the small-talk-impaired.
### Made by GG Gonzalez.
### https://github.com/ggiscool



### Overview
  Have you ever needed help starting conversations at office get togethers? Ever came on too strong via dating app chat that you blew the opportunity for a date? Well, look for you solution no further. Chatter up provides you with all the conversation starters you need. Simply choose a topic, click the button, and a conversation starter pops up in the topic of your choice.

### Deployment
  Heroku is a cloud platform as a service that we used as our web application deployment model. To view live, visit XXXXXXXXXXX.

### Approach
  I used mainly Javascript and Ruby on Rails to make a single-page web application. I wanted to make a fun app that was also practical, simple, and easy to use.

### Technical Difficulties
  We had a good deal of trouble perfecting the authentication process, deploying to Heroku, allowing users to upvote an answer only once, and keeping the site one page. We worked through all issues as a team and triumphed over adversity.

### Future Implementations
  In the future, I would like to be able to have a question/fact submission functionality, where they can be approved before posting.

### Tech Used
  - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Express.js, Angular.js, Node.js, JSON Postgres, Ruby and Rails.
  - Gems:ruby, rails, pg, puma, bcrypt, jwt, dotenv-rails, bootsnap, rack-cors, byebug, awesome_print, listen, spring, spring-watcher-listen.
  - Atom for text-editing.
  - Postman for testing.



#### Acknowledgments
  Thank you to all our classmates and TAs who helped me get through this project and create a functioning web application. Special thanks to Sean and Jerrica for helping me figure out the like button color-change.












*For educational purposes only*

Commit message:

tweaks to readme and heroku push

README.md, after:

# Chatter Up
## A conversation starter generator for the small-talk-impaired.
### Made by GG Gonzalez.
### https://github.com/ggiscool



### Overview
  Have you ever needed help starting conversations at office get togethers? Ever came on too strong via dating app chat that you blew the opportunity for a date? Well, look for you solution no further. Chatter up provides you with all the conversation starters you need. Simply choose a topic, click the button, and a conversation starter pops up in the topic of your choice.

### Deployment
  Heroku is a cloud platform as a service that we used as our web application deployment model. To view live, visit XXXXXXXXXXX.

### Approach
  I used mainly Javascript and Ruby on Rails to make a single-page web application. I wanted to make a fun app that was also practical, simple, and easy to use.

### Technical Difficulties
  I had a good deal of trouble getting my heart-shaped "favorite button to change to red when a question or fact is liked, and staying red for only favorites liked by the user who is signed in. So many apps, like Instagram and Pinterest have this same functionality so I didn't think it would take me 2 full days to figure out with help from multiple classmates and TAs.

### Future Implementations
  In the future, I would like to be able to have a question/fact submission functionality, where they can be approved before posting. I would also like to make the app compatible with smart watches, for seamless usage. I would also like to make my app fully responsive.

### Tech Used
  - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Express.js, Angular.js, Node.js, PostgreSQL, Ruby and Rails.
  - Gems:ruby, rails, pg, puma, bcrypt, jwt, dotenv-rails, bootsnap, rack-cors, byebug, awesome_print, listen, spring, spring-watcher-listen.
  - Atom for text-editing.
  - Postman for testing.



#### Acknowledgments
  Thank you to all our classmates and TAs who helped me get through this project and create a functioning web application. Special thanks to Sean and Jerrica for helping me figure out the like button color-change.












*For educational purposes only*
